That's good.
Mr. Xuan Paper Officer
How dare you make a trip in person?
You just need to tell us what the lord wants
We will share our worries for the lord
Yes, where do you need to make a special trip?
How come?
We have informed the dog owner in advance.
Invited a desire to canonize the new prince
And not only that.
Your lord
The decree given as the king side by side
It's not invalid.
No wonder you can cultivate the cultivation method of Lord God
Even manipulate Jinghong Sword
It turned out to be a Jima ninja
Princess Zhou Xiao will be the ninth brother Feng Qing
You pretend to be the king of soldiers
Your Majesty
Now the rice paper official is here
You don't give up
If you can get away with it
I can report to the lord
Help you ask for mercy
I love that shirt on you.
Then you go for it